March 29, 2017


Sara,

This letter is a summary of recent maintenance work performed in our apartment (#12).

On the evening of March 3, 2017 I noticed some water dripping from our kitchen ceiling and I notified you by text message. You came to our apartment and said the dripping was probably related to work being done in another apartment.

On March 19, 2017 I noticed a very large amount of water pouring into our kitchen through the ceiling. I notified you by text message. You came to our apartment and determined that the problem was likely with a pipe between our apartment and the apartment directly above us.

On March 20, 2017 I noticed a very large amount of water pouring into our kitchen, in a similar manner to the night before. I called you and you arrived with a person who was trying to determine the location of the leak. That person sawed a hole into our kitchen ceiling, removed a portion of pipe with a large hole apparently corroded through it, and replaced the removed portion.

On March 22, 2017 you came to our apartment with Jose to look at the kitchen and to determine the repairs needed.

On March 23, 2017 Jose began repairs on our kitchen ceiling.

On March 24, 2017 Jose performed additional repairs to the ceiling and cleaned up most of the mess left when the ceiling was opened up.

On March 27, 2017 Jose painted ceiling and walls.

From March 20, 2017 to March 27, 2017 we lost normal use of the property. Much of the kitchen was unusable and we had to relocate much of our property in the kitchen to other areas of the apartment in order to protect it from further water damage and to keep it out of the way of the repair work.

We used some of our personal property to help with the repair work. One of our fans was used for a week, both to ventilate the interior of the building that had been water-soaked and to speed up the drying of repairs to the ceiling and the paint. We used one of our bowls and some paper towels to contain and clean up the water leaking through the ceiling. We also spent some time cleaning up and preparing the workspace in the kitchen.


Thank you for your attention in this matter,




Blake La Pierre

Apartment #12
